hey guys did from the unlocker calm and
today we have a jailbreak tweak for you
this one's gonna show you how to get
more options when swiping between your
threads in iOS 7 first you must be
jailbroken so click the link below to be
taken to our video on how to do that
once you've completed that then you can
come back here to continue gamers burn
open cydia and your tap search now we're
gonna search for message Swiper seven
tap install tap confirm wait for that to
install tap a restart springboard and
wait for that one of the Vice restarts
and go settings scroll down to message
Swiper 7nn here we have different
options so obviously turning on and off
hi previews you can turn on which will
hide the preview of the last text in the
adjacent Fred but you that's a really
cool feature I would never turn that off
are you and wraparound means that as
you're swiping through threads it'll
just wrap around to the very first
thread when you get to the end if you
turn that off it will just stop and
you'll have to go back again feature you
probably won't turn off swipes from you
can change that from edges to Center you
can also adjust how are in the edge is
so if you do this all the way it'll
actually the swiping will work from in
the center if you do it further to the
edge you'll have to do it pretty close
to the edge so I'm just going to do it
on the way and then when you're happy
with that once you're in the messaging
app if you swipe you'll see a preview of
the message that's next to it the other
thread and that's the last message you
can also do the same thing here to the
left you'll notice if you pull all the
way from the left you get back to your
all your messages which is the default
thing in iOS 7 but here see that one if
I let go it'll take me to it
there you go enjoy